# MisteralRAG
Developed a multi-purpose chatbot using Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) architecture, blending retrieval and generation models for nuanced, context-aware responses. Adapted for enterprise data cataloging and academic use, enabling seamless access to company policies or financial education, fostering AI-driven innovation.
# Executive Summary
In this project, we used a novel approach called the Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) architecture to train the chatbot on finance questions. RAG is a state-of-the-art architecture capable of marrying retrieval-based and generation-based models in natural language processing. At its heart, RAG is a two-staged architecture composed of retrieval and generation components. In the retrieval stage, a retrieval model discerns relevant passages from a corpus of financial documents to match against an end user’s query. This is why the chatbot’s retrieval process ensures the quality and contextual fitness of the information conveyed. The second stage is the generation stage, where the chatbot combines the information retrieved to create a canonical response using a generation model that aims to create human-sounding responses that successfully handle the user’s request. The RAG architecture, as a result, allows the chatbot to produce nuanced and informative responses based on the user’s question.
Using the cloud version of the RAG architecture that we developed in our project; we designed a multi-purpose chatbot application to serve industries in the profit sector and the non-profit sector. In the enterprise domain, the chatbot serves as an enterprise data catalogue. It makes it easy for business users to discuss company policies and facts. To train the chatbot on company in-house documents helps us calibrate the natural language understanding skills of the system to the specific cultures and legal environments of the individual companies.

Additionally, we adapted it to work with academic books so that it can be used in education to give students access to in-depth sources of financial information without the help of individual teachers – a significant issue in the huge class sizes found in developing countries. Integrating the RAG architecture into our chatbot is transformative in some important ways. More advanced techniques in AI allow us to offer our clients (who are mainly based in developing countries) a solution that meets multiple needs with current technology, but also opens up the path to many potential further solutions in artificial education and enterprise communication.
